
## Project Description : 
Mashres is nothing but the  banking system , I worked  on  credit card and personal loan summry project (CCPL-EG)  , 

Now  when the Customer onboard the case/ apply for the credit card  it , on the FE side  there where product operation , Technical Opertation team and sellers/ customer
the request  First goes to the api proxy from there it , route the request to its respective serrvice ,  the service which i own was Channel service  which  contains the 
apis  for  Doc upload/ download into EDMS  vault ,  Customer details , Product details and Employment details retrieval from the Digital service , Digtal service  was nothing 
but the middleware api team wich provide these details.They further get the details form the FRICOSOFT decision engine , which   provide the the  this details the the deatails
land in the ISCORE decision engine based on the Decision the case then  lands in STP  or NSTP(Non straight through process) ,
                                                                   For NSTP cases the details further land into Camunda modler where various teams  like fraud Team , 
Bacground  varification team , Credit Evaluation Team veiry the Details and faroward the Decision , if any of the team reject the dicission the the  case  will not land 
in   disbursal Service and application will terminate , if approved it lanf in Disbusrsal serive and form there  the Credit card disbursal will happen . 


There were nearly 10 -15 microservices ,


Some Basic Questions Asked: 

1. Why you want to switch your current job ? 
Ans ."I've enjoyed working at my current firm, where I've had the chance to take on various responsibilities and develop new skills. 
      I've adapted well to a variety of projects and challenges, which has helped me grow both professionally and personally. However, 
      I’m excited about this opportunity because it aligns perfectly with the direction I want to take in my career.

I’m motivated by the potential for career growth, the chance to contribute to new challenges, 
and work with big organization like XXX  is realy motivating . 

Scale - Well established companies work at a larger scale , thus better challenges and satisfaction
        than smaller companies.
Colleagues - A bigger company would mean more options for getting help and quite possibly of better quality. 
             It also presents more opportunities for learning and growing .
Work culture - Previous company did not follow a proper structure for executing work and sometimes
              would result in crunch.


Summry : In mu current organizaation , no doubt i have had the chance to take the responsbilities and develop the new skills , 
also i have addapted to variety of projects  nad callenges , but now am looking for the opputunies ahead and want 
to work with larger firms that will help me potential carrer growth along we opprotunitie  for learnig and growing .

2. What was the recent task you feel challenging ? 
Ans. 




